
This program calculates the chance of each team finishing in the relegation zone.
The method utilized to calculate the chances is brute force with few optimizations.

The expected input is a file containing partil results of the championship so far and the list of the forthcoming matches. For example, the following example is in the expected format for the program: 

Corinthians 	67
Vasco 	65
Fluminense 	62
Internacional 57
Figueirense 	57
Flamengo 	57
SãoPaulo 	56
Botafogo 	55
Coritiba 	54
Santos 	52
Grêmio 	47
Palmeiras 46
Atlético-GO	44
Atlético-MG 	42
Bahia 	42
Cruzeiro 	39
Ceará	38
Atlético-PR	38
América-MG 	34
Avaí 	30

2
Palmeiras x SãoPaulo
Santos x Bahia
Flamengo x Internacional
Fluminense x Vasco
Grêmio x Atlético-GO
Atlético-MG x Botafogo
Figueirense x Corinthians
Coritiba x Avaí
América-MG x Atlético-PR
Ceará x Cruzeiro

Corinthians x Palmeiras
SãoPaulo x Santos
Internacional x	Grêmio
Cruzeiro x Atlético-MG
Atlético-GO x América-MG
Atlético-PR x Coritiba
Bahia x Ceará
Avaí x Figueirense
Botafogo x Fluminense
Vasco x Flamengo


The first part of the input contains basically the current table of championship, containing the name and the points of each team. In the first part each line must have the name of team (without spaces in case of compound names, like São Paulo or New Castle should be turned into SãoPaulo and NewCastle, respectively) and the number of points. The example above came from a Brazilian Championship that took place some years ago. 

The second part contains information about the forthcoming games. First, it is necessary to inform how many rounds are going to take place until the end of the championship, like the example above, which inform there are still two rounds to take place. After that, the remaining matches must be informed and grouped by rounds. Regarding the line informing a match, the names of the teams must be separed by x and, in case of compound names again, the space must be removed.

For the example above, the following output is expected:

Team | Chance of being relegated 
NP = 4782970
Atlético-GO 0% 
Palmeiras 0% 
Grêmio 0% 
Santos 0% 
Coritiba 0% 
Botafogo 0% 
SãoPaulo 0% 
Flamengo 0% 
Figueirense 0% 
Internacional 0% 
Fluminense 0% 
Vasco 0% 
Corinthians 0% 
Bahia 4% 
Atlético-MG 4% 
Cruzeiro 57% 
Ceará 75% 
Atlético-PR 86% 
Avaí 100% 
América-MG 100%

It means that América-MG and Avaí are already relegated to Second Division and the teams ranging from Atlético-MG to Bahia are fighting to escape from relegation zone, considering four teams are relegated in the Brazilian championship.

NP variable informs the number of possibilities calculated to get the result given.

------------------

OpenMP is a dependency, it was utilized to parellelize some calculations.

------------------

How to compile it:

Just execute the following command: make

So a binary named calculate_chance will be generated.

-----------------

How to execute it:

./calculate_chance < in.txt

Where in.txt is the input file with the championship table and the forthcoming matches.

---------------
